Doc(release) Release notes cloud 24.11 (#3897)
centreon/centreon-documentation: cloud/releases/cloud-release-notes.md

title: Centreon Cloud release notes
---

## December 17th, 2024

> This release contrains numerous bugs and vulnerability fixes but also the following improvements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release contains numerous bug and vulnerability fixes but also the following improvements:
```

### Centreon IT Edition

**Data Collection**

> - Thanks to Additional Connector Configurations feature, you can now define the credentials to access a monitored resource through the Centreon interface rather than having to connect to your pollers manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Thanks to the Additional Connector Configurations feature, you can now define the credentials to access a monitored resource through the Centreon interface rather than having to connect to your pollers manually.
```
